docs(feedback): Add notes about async loading the Feedback integration (#10108)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/user-feedback/configuration/index.mdx

</PlatformSection>

### Loading Strategies

> Because the `feedbackIntegration` is a user-facing integration, we offer two loading strategies that have implications on bundle size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the `feedbackIntegration` is a user-facing integration, we offer two loading strategies that have bundle size implications.
```

<Note>

> In every case, we recommend using `feedbackIntegration` in your `Sentry.init` call.

Author: ah yeah, the paragraph use to be blow, so it might've made more sense in that context.

> <Note>
> For most users, we recommend using `feedbackIntegration` in your `Sentry.init` call. This will set up user feedback with good defaults matching the environment.
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
For most users, we recommend using `feedbackIntegration` in your `Sentry.init` call. This will set up user feedback with good defaults, matching the environment.
</Note>
```

> 
> All of the code examples on this page use `feedbackIntegration` as a default because it is available whether you have chosen the CDN or NPM installation method. However, the implementation of `feedbackIntegration` is different depending on the installation method. For NPM users `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackSyncIntegration`. For CDN users, `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackAsyncIntegration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All of the code examples on this page use `feedbackIntegration` as a default because it's available regardless of whether you've chosen the CDN or NPM installation method. However, the implementation of `feedbackIntegration` is different for the two installation methods. For NPM users, `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackSyncIntegration`. For CDN users, `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackAsyncIntegration`.
```

#### `feedbackSyncIntegration`

If you have installed the SDK with NPM, this loading strategy is used by default. This strategy is not available if you have installed the SDK via the CDN.

> This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to work when the user interacts with it.

Reviewer 2: > The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to work when the user interacts with it.

We might want to rephrase this, it won't "work" in terms of sending the feedback if the user has adblock.

> This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to open when the user interacts with it, but in either case network connectivity is required to send the feedback message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest upfront bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to open when the user interacts with it, but in either case network connectivity is required to send the feedback message.
```

maybe is more explicit?

> #### `feedbackSyncIntegration`
> 
> If you have installed the SDK with NPM, this loading strategy is used by default. This strategy is not available if you have installed the SDK via the CDN.
> 
> This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest upfront bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to open when the user interacts with it, but in either case network connectivity is required to send the feedback message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `feedbackSyncIntegration`

If you've installed the SDK with NPM, this loading strategy is used by default. The strategy isn't available if you've installed the SDK via the CDN.

This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest upfront bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to open when the user interacts with it, but in either case, network connectivity is required to send the feedback message.
```

#### `feedbackAsyncIntegration`

If you installed the SDK with the CDN, this loading strategy is used by default. If you used NPM, you can still choose to use this loading strategy by adding this integration to your `Sentry.init` call.

> This integration includes the minimum amount of code needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button, the integration will asynchronously load internal integrations from `https://js.sentry-cdn.com` that show the form and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asynchronous loading can fail if, for example, the user has an ad-blocker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This integration includes the minimum amount of code upfront needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button, the integration will asynchronously load internal integrations from `https://js.sentry-cdn.com` that show the form and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asynchronous loading can fail if, for example, the user has an ad-blocker.
```

> This integration includes the minimum amount of code upfront needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button, the integration will asynchronously load internal integrations from `https://browser.sentry-cdn.com` that show the form and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asynchronous loading can fail if, for example, the user has an ad-blocker.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration includes the minimum amount of code needed upfront to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button, the integration will asynchronously load internal integrations from `https://browser.sentry-cdn.com` that show the form and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the smallest bundle size. The drawback is that asynchronous loading can fail if, for example, the user has an ad-blocker.

```

> #### When Installed via CDN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### When Installed Via CDN
```

For CDN users `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackAsyncIntegration`.

```javascript {tabTitle: Default Strategy}
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/browser';

Sentry.init({
  dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
  integrations: [
    // Use the default strategy, an alias for `feedbackAsyncIntegration`
    Sentry.feedbackIntegration({
      // Additional SDK configuration goes in here, for example:
      colorScheme: 'system',
    }),
  ]
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle: Async Strategy}
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/browser';

Sentry.init({
  dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
  integrations: [
    // Use the async strategy so everything is bundled for page load
    Sentry.feedbackAsyncIntegration({
      // Additional SDK configuration goes in here, for example:
      colorScheme: 'system',
    }),
  ]
});
```

> #### When Installed via NPM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### When Installed Via NPM
```

</PlatformSection>

### Loading Strategies

The `feedbackIntegration` is special among our integrations because it is a user-facing integration. Therefore, we have two strategies available to help you control bundle size. What strategies are available depend on how you have installed the SDK into your application.

<Note>
In every case, we recommend using `feedbackIntegration` in your `Sentry.init` call.
</Note>

> 1. `feedbackSyncIntegration`
> 
>     This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to work when the user interacts with it.
> 
>     This loading strategy is not available if you have installed the SDK via the CDN.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#### `feedbackSyncIntegration`

If you have installed the SDK with NPM, this loading strategy is used by default. This strategy is not available if you have installed the SDK via the CDN.

This integration includes all the code needed to render the "Send Feedback" button, as well as the form that is triggered when the button is clicked. Choosing this loading strategy means accepting the largest bundle size in your application. The benefit of this is that the feedback widget is guaranteed to work when the user interacts with it.
```

I don't think numbering these makes sense since it's not ordered so let's just make it a smaller heading. I'd also put at the top who this strategy is for.

2. `feedbackAsyncIntegration`

>     This integration includes the minimum amount of code needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button the integration will asyncronously load inrernal integrations that show the form, and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asyncronous loading can fail when the user interacts with the button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This integration includes the minimum amount of code needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button the integration will asynchronously load internal integrations that show the form and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asynchronous loading can fail when the user interacts with the button.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention ad blocker as an example?
Should we describe how/where the async code is loaded from?

Author: i put some notes in there about loading from our CDN and ad-blockers. take another look at the whole paragraph and lmk

> 2. `feedbackAsyncIntegration`
> 
>     This integration includes the minimum amount of code needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button the integration will asyncronously load inrernal integrations that show the form, and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asyncronous loading can fail when the user interacts with the button.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#### `feedbackAsyncIntegration`
If you installed the SDK with the CDN, this loading strategy is used by default. If you used NPM, you can still choose to use this loading strategy by adding this integration to your `Sentry.init` call.

This integration includes the minimum amount of code needed to show the "Send Feedback" button on the screen when the page is loaded. When the user clicks on that button, the integration will asynchronously load internal integrations that show the form and let the user type out their feedback message. This has the benefit of being the lowest bundle size. The drawback is that asynchronous loading can fail when the user interacts with the button.
```

> All of the code examples on this page use `feedbackIntegration` as a default because it is available whether you have chosen the CDN or NPM installation method. However the implementation of `feedbackIntegration` is different depending on the installation method. For CDN users `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackAsyncIntegration`, while for NPM users `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackSyncIntegration`.

Reviewer 2: Do we usually use NPM as the terminology for a local bundle?

> All of the code examples on this page use `feedbackIntegration` as a default because it is available whether you have chosen the CDN or NPM installation method. However the implementation of `feedbackIntegration` is different depending on the installation method. For CDN users `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackAsyncIntegration`, while for NPM users `feedbackIntegration` is an alias of `feedbackSyncIntegration`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
Would move this info up to the top since it's useful to know what the default behavior is before learning more about the strategies.
